# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

Using semantic elements helps to standardize web pages which allows them to be better utilized by both humans and machines. The alternative to using semantic elements, would be diving your page with `<div>` elements. However, this method is more difficult for search engines and non-visual browsers. Semantics allow humans to better understand websides since non-visual browsers will understand the sections of the web page. For example, a browser that reads out articles for visually impaired users can differentiate between the title and the content of the article and relay that information to the user. As well, semantics allows machines to better understand websites since every web page will have the same features. For example, if every web site used `<header>`, it would be easy for search engines to examine all the headers to see if they are relevant to what has been searched instead of having to look at the entire article of all the websites.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1tsC9Qm5sCxjeDXvWs9GyWpKc6JgKy692Kr2sjWShUrw/edit?usp=sharing

In the slide show I linked above, I created two alternative presentations of the information in my blog post. In Slide 1, I created a flow with Trudeau's major accomplishments, in no particular order and in Slide 2, I created a timeline of Trudeay's time in office, with each accomplishment written in chronological order. Since slide 2 does not prioritize the accomplishments, it implies that they are all equally important. It also implies that perhaps Trudeau entered office with all of these ideas and that they were not responses to the circumstances of the day. Unlike in Slide 1, Slide 2 orders the accomplishments and therefore implies that Trudeau's time in office was a process,with each accomplishment building off the previous one. This is historically the case in regard to the repatriation of the Constitution being a direct result to the Qubeec Referendum, but is not necessarly true for the other accomplishments.